Add troubleshooting mac m1 deploy (#3601)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/deploying-airbyte/local-deployment.md

## Troubleshooting

> **I have a MacBook with M1 chip, is it possible to run Airbyte?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**I have a Mac with the M1 chip. Is it possible to run Airbyte?**
```

> Some users using MacBook with M1 chip are facing some problems running Airbyte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some users using Macs with an M1 chip are facing some problems running Airbyte.
```

The problem is related with the chip and docker.

> There is some [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/apple-silicon/) on Docker website.

Reviewer: I don't think we should point users to the Docker M1 docs since it's going to be a huge issue for them to deal with.
It's probably better to link to https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/2017 and suggest they follow to see when it's available.

Author: Thanks @jrhizor didnt know about that issue.

## Troubleshooting

**I have a Mac with the M1 chip. Is it possible to run Airbyte?**

Some users using Macs with an M1 chip are facing some problems running Airbyte.
The problem is related with the chip and Docker. [Issue #2017](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/2017) was created to follow up the problem, you can subscribe to it and get updates about the resolution.

> If you can run Airbyte using Apple MacBook with the M1 chip, let us know, the community will appreciate it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you can successfully run Airbyte using a MacBook with the M1 chip, let us know so that we can share the process with the community!
```
